---
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
---

Welcome to my portfolio. For now, this portfolio contains mostly coursework from my time in the Computer Science program at Oregon State University. I haven't had time to add everything yet, but it will expand over the next week or so. Each item below links to a GitHub repository with containing code and more documentation. Also check out <a rel="me" href="https://github.com/mikecamilleri">my full profile on GitHub</a>.

## [mikecamilleri.com (mikecamilleri.github.io)](https://github.com/mikecamilleri/mikecamilleri.github.io)

This website is hosted on GitHub Pages and generated by Jekyll, a "simple, blog-aware, static site generator" written in Ruby. The templates are my own and generate valid HTML5 and CSS (excepting a Google Webfonts link and some browser specific CSS). Here I make good use of HTML5 semantics and strive for a design that is as minimal as possible while being navigatable and aesthetically pleasing. 

## [OSU: File Transfer](https://github.com/mikecamilleri/osu-filetransfer)

This project consists of two programs which implement a very simple file transfer system for text files. ‘ftserver’ is written in C and `ftclient` is written in Python 3. These projects demonstrate both the use of INET sockets and my use of both languages. 

In addition to sockets, `ftserver` makes use of several other important features of C such as file IO, proper memory management (i.e. `malloc()`, `free()`), handling user input in a secure way (e.g. `strncpy()` over `strcpy()`, and `strncat()` over `strcat()`), and the very archaic `strtok()` function.
